

My normal method of estimation on the duration of testing efforts, in the past, has come with 
a large amount of data I have captured my self.  With this I could give with rather
accurate estimates the duration of tasks like this, the people needed and other details.

With out this data, I have to rely on past experiences and map how those went to how this
feels .  

So here’s are the details and my sense of its accuracy.

I think the Authentication testing will require 24 Person hours of work Worst case
and 12 person hours Best case. But expect it to take about 18 Person hours.

With servers up,(right ! ) 
With network up, 
with out context switching ( meetings, additional task requests, etc. )

I state this as Person hours, because I see it being Me , Deepan, Jess, Iz and some of Abhi and Aniz


I think we can be done before the end of Wednesday next week.

The following are my notes at a high level of where and what looks like it needs focus.


Auth:
	General/Common
		Make sure the graphics displayed are the same in all three apps
		Deepan, Iz and Jess have been looking at this, but there has been
		so much turmoil with QA that they stopped until the work for QA 
		gets finished.

		I want to run happy path and failure on all three ( well two ) apps
		and review the audit reports.  
		Failure Modes are noted at end of note. I believe all three apps are now supposed
		to follow this model. This would be a focused effort, but not a heavy investigation.
		
		MTT-386 must be met. MTT-364( Never saw these requirements: Wow )
		MTT-13  only thing unfamiliar is the “Having Trouble”: Does Team1 see this
		MTT-298 Basic.  MTT-11 Basic.  MTT-308(alt.Basic) MTT-284  MTT-7 is basicEverything
		MTT-5 is part of 7 to me MTT-3 basicEverything  MTT-8 basic 
		MTT-141 Basic I’veNeverKnown. MTT-193 Basic
		MTT-9 Basic MTT-4Basic, but security specific MTT-10 way under the covers to even see

		
	MurDashboard
		Team 1 knows they are taking Authentication from Team2’s now common code. 
		Team 1 now has different looking graphics, they also have slightly different
		functionality( different alert after 3rd fail: something like that ).  Deepak
		is clear on this, knows where to look for the master images

		

	MurPayments
		
		No changes to our graphics or alerts.  
		
		Seems like the basics as specified in the MTT stories with a few 
		exceptions or additions 

		Rerun above Canceling workflow at Phone# pic
			Would expect Pay Audit Rpt to show ctv initiation.
				Might not cuz I didn’t go far enough before canceling
				Rerun farther until I know I’m getting ctv initiate
		
		Rerun above in the Code Entry failure pathways noted below

	
	MurBillPay
		Until common is deployed, Bill Pay can’t take up authentication
		That limits how much work needs to be done right now, but adds somewhat
		to the work that needs to be redone when BillPay takes common.  It COULD be
		that nothing needs to be redone, but I just feel better thinking some 
		regression over the others will be needed.

		What I don’t know is the timing of BillPay Common CTV adoption.  So, I can
		get a forecast together for the duration of this specific effort.



CTV FAILURE PATHWAYS:

			Fail1 : 
				Audit report fail 1
				User Activity Report Fail 1
			Fail2 : 
				Audit report fail 2
				User Activity Report Fail 2
			Fail3 : 
				Audit report fail 3
				User Activity Report Fail 3
				Audit Report check acct frozen

				 Logout, and you cannot log back in
				/
			Pathway -
				\
				 Continue onto Attempt 4 Fail !
					Audit report fail 1
					User Activity Report Fail 1
					Acount Still Frozen

			
			Pathway -
				\
				Continue onto Attempt 4 PASS !
					Audit report Success
					User Activity Report Success
					Account ACTIVE ( NOT Frozen )

			Pathway -
				\
				Continue onto Attempt 4 Fail ! Move onto Attempt 5
				5 can pass and fail the same way as 4
				
				6 can pass and fail the same way as 4 & 5
					but Fail on 6 sets the session to invalid
					Invalid sessions imm
