Jack,
I hope you are well.  I wanted to reach out to you for advice or suggestion.
Background:  We both worked at Credit.com in the 2013 - 2014 time frame.
During that time Eugene came on board and we worked well together.
I learned later that Eugene and I had similar technical backgrounds.  
It was at that time that I deides that persuit of Product Management roles was 
completely valid.  

I am interested in your perspetive and suggested approaches to my continued professional development now with Product Management / Ownership as the focus.


I have worked in Software Product Quality from the test and development perspective for many years.
I feel it's a goo d time to to pursue roles in Product Management  

Jessica Rosenburg FitBit


Dr. Cominsky
You and I have a common friend and past, and I am interested in your opinion on a subject and if possible suggestions on direction or approach.
How did this come about ?   I was sitting in Tony Trono’s chair a little more that a  week ago and was talking to him about some Ideas. 
Tony and I have known each other for a few years, but he’s known my wife for 20 or more years.

I was talking to Tony about some ideas I had and Your name came up when he described to me how one of his clients was reviewing massive 
amounts of technical data on a hand held device during this clients  visits. 
The subject matter of the material being reviewed was somewhat similar to what I was briefly discussing with Tony.

Our past: SSU CS Major 1993, Physics Minor, Math Minor, specifically your two courses on Digital Electronics, and the Senior Digital Electronics with Applications course.

So, here are the basics of what I've been thinking about. 
It relates to recent ( 10 - 12 years or more ) of private sector rocketry and an industry that is developing.
My thoughts do not pretend oto compete with ULA or Space X but maybe work with them on a small scale.
My role mgight be as an aggregator of small and very small expirements that need some period of zero G to effect an outcome.
Educational and small startup business is not likely to get any or much traction with the small number of launch players,
But maybe I can be an aggegator to facilitate pulling together a number of smaller things 

Im fairly certain I don't want to add to the quantity of material that is already orbiting unless it is absolutely necessary.  
Maybe I can have a role in reducing it.
One concept I don't want to is the amount of trash already therebbbbbb
