Organization of data is pushdown, most recent on top

3/16/17
[later]
All three engineers are moving to E2E Protractor Integration work.

[Later end.]
Follow up from email and chat...
"Just confused about what team I'm working for"

Ok, so here's how it flows.
I work on the Customer Experience(CX): Acqusition
Acqusition involves the actions Shopping and Buying ( hence Acqusition)

Currently Acqusition is the only team that is up and running
There is an expectation for two more teams to develop products in the 
CX product line.

The work that Deepak and Indranil are doing is relating to upcoming
Functional areas of the Acqusition product, and for upcoming infrastructure
in support of the two additional webApps.

I have been asked to manage and guide three offshore resources.
You are resource number one.  Murali and Manish are two and three.
The two areas of focus are Application E2E Integration testing done with JavaScript in the protractor frame work
And Backend Microservice integration testing

You are the only one who has had opportunity to look at product code and begin to develop work

We are now at a point where I need to start focusing on where work is needed, and what should be done.
After those two concepts are met, I leave it to you to determine how to meet that need.

Your intended areas of focus is to develop integration testing on micro services that support the CX Acqusition webApp.
Address Cleanse: located in DEVPROJECTS / dd_cx_app
Broker : located in DEVPROJECTS / dd_cx_app
Assignment: located in DEVPROJECTS / dd_cx_app




 
The address cleanse servcice seems to be in the following directory.
DEVPROJECTS / dd_cx_app
See the README.md file in the root of this repo to get some kind of understanding
See the section at the bottom 'Test the Services'  understand this.  This -may- become a starting point for more.

 


I know you've been working on the dd-cx-microservices  
But the services identified in dd_cx_app are the ones in production that we need to make sure are properly hardened.
And because they are all working, there wont be any down time because engineers are developing the services.

Its ok that you put your focus elsewhere.  While you were getting started I was clearing my plate to be able 
give you some focus.
