JustText
Temp Work Space:  Not saved Just Scratch


991
ChOnWin-33333333pn did not appear in the list immediately
I know why.  I didnÕt put in a NN Doh !



IE 9 is non functional.  Will not validate

IE 10


IE 11

941
CH Mac
















Having ALL the Bright Ideas has never been what I strive for, but recognizing ALL for them exposed or not gets my attention.
 
I would like to discuss with your management staff my drive and qualifications to lead / manage your Software Quality Engineering team.
 
* Background is in Software development 
* Quality Assurance 
* * Broad coverage of Technologies, Industries, and roles 
* Do get excited when finding Ugly or Embarrassing bugs , because the customer wont
* More than two years of Test Automation, mine mostly hand written JAVA frameworks for Selenium WebDriver
* Currently learning Protractor for AngularJS Integration and WebFrontEnd test automation.
* Multiple team building opportunities, Off shore & Local staff.
* 
 
If finding an obscure bug doesnÕt make you all giddy inside, then this probably isnÕt the right position for you. We want someone who 
 
 
relishes in the hunt and feels truly rewarded once theyÕve uncovered something Ð doubly so if itÕs reaaallly nasty. . ..
 
 
2+ years experience writing automated test cases for web apps with sophisticated UI and 100s of features
Experience setting up test environments from scratch using Selenium or similar
Strong sofware programming skills
Extensive experience using Agile methodologies
2+ years experience building and leading a lean QA team with both Manual and Automation responsibilities, preferably in a small fast paced company or environment
Strong desire and experience in owning and driving process changes, especially cross-departmentally
Experience creating test cases that include both happy path and all manner of edge case
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to summarize and explain complex and technical concepts to executives
Ability to leverage metrics and data to drive goals and priorities
Excellent reporting skills and fluent in Excel

Hands on Mobile, both manual and automated QA experience a plus
